---
Tags: [posts]
Title: Latest News (March 2021)
Date: 2021-03-05
---
Hello again!

The new site has been running for a few weeks now, and feedback has been good about the core concept and functionality.

Some users rightly pointed out that the design was [too close](https://www.google.com/search?&q=what+is+plagiarism) to that used for official government services, and despite the disclaimers dotted around the site, was liable to cause confusion and mislead people.

This was certainly not my intention - rather I wanted to provide a seamless experience when navigating between different resources - but I can see that it was a little too close for comfort.

I've therefore stripped back some of the styling to keep things simple while also remaining distinct from the GOV.UK brand. At some point I might do a more comprehensive redesign, but for now I'm focusing on the content and functionality.

Speaking of which, the new [funding assessment tool](/funding-assessment/) is developing well. I've now mapped out the majority of funding scenarios for ESFA and WECA - although the essential digital skills and new national skills fund are still missing.

I've also introduced a [guidance section](/guidance/) where I plan to offer simple and straightforward answers to common questions. If you'd like to contribute an article, please [get in touch!](/site/contact/) I'm only one person, and a site like this will benefit if more people are involved.

I think that's all the news that's fit to report - hope you have a great day :)

Luke